Hi there. This is a quick little video
on the backup directory that is provided with
the MIF system. This is not something that's
on normal Ubuntu systems, although you can install
things like this, But this is something that
the CS department provides to or I guess
the the university provides that gives you a
backup of the files in your folders. Now
this isn't the back this is not the
kind of backup like Dropbox where it saves
all revisions of your files for many, many
days. No, it saves one revision which is
backed up nightly. So if you come in
to do your work and you're working along
and you accidentally delete a file, if the
file was present in the system yesterday, it
is probably in your backup folder. But you
can't go and say, oh, well, two days
ago I had something that was that I
changed yesterday, but I wanna go back to
the two days ago version. That's not gonna
happen. If the backup runs and the file
has changed when the backup runs, then that's
the one copy you get until the file
changes again and another backup is run. But
anyway, it's easy to get to your backup
folder from your home directory. So if we
c d into our home directory, I'm on
the Myth computer here, and then we c
d into backup or I could have just
typed c d tilde dot backup. Okay. Notice
I'm in the backup directory and it happens
to look very similar to all of the
files that are in my regular directory. If
I go back to my home directory, type
l s, it's basically basically the same files.
But, the backup directory is a directory that
is, as I said, basically one day old.
So actually yesterday I think I had my
c s one zero seven folder called one
zero seven, so it's not hasn't updated today.
So that's that. But if we look in
it, actually, if you look at the files,
I don't believe you're actually able to remove
them. Test dot c. Yep. It says a
read only file system. In other words, you
can look but you can't modify anything in
your backup. But again, is just simply for
backup purposes. If I happen to want my
test dot c program to be, to go
back into my home folder, I could copy
it back in c d c p test
dot c into my previous folder and then
I've got my backup. So anyway, it's just
a way to, say, okay, there's some backup
capability in case the system crashes or in
case your computer dies or you accidentally remove
a file. That's probably the biggest reason. If
you accidentally remove files from your folder or
from your directory that were there yesterday, you
can get them back. Alright. Thanks.